abundance:0:quantity that is more than enough;plenty:There was good food in abundance; an abundance of good food in parth:15:1
absurd:0:unresonable; not sensible:what an absurd suggestion. it was absurd of you to suggest such a thing.:18:0
corrode:0:be destroyed or destroy sth slowly, esp by chemical action:The metal has corrode away because of rust. Acid has corrode the iron.:12:2
detriment:0:harming sb./sth.:he works long hours, to the detriment of his health.:13:0
dilemma:0:situation in which one has to choose between two undisirable things or courses or action:place sb. in a dilemma, on the horns of a dilemma.:13:0
fabricate:0:invent a false story; forge a document:fabricate an excuse,an accusation,etc. The reason he give for his absence obviously fabricated.:14:1
ponder:0:think about sth. carefully and for a long time, esp in trying to reach a decision:you have pondered long enough, it's time to decide. I pondered over the incident. pondering on the meaning of life.:12:0
porch:0:covered entrance to a building, esp a church or house.:a person who sits on the porch and watches the neighbors.:11:0
tumor:0:an abnormal new mass of tissue that servers no purpose.:a benign tumor:10:0
deliberate:0:done on purpose;intentional; 2. unhurried,careful 3. think or talk carefully:a deliberate insult. she has a slow, deliberate way of talking. 3. deliberate what action to take.:11:1
sweat:0:natural moisture which comes through the skin when one is hot.:wipe the sweat from one's forhead. 2.sweating heavily. the long climb made us sweat.:10:0
clasp:0:device for fastening things(eg the end of a belt or a necklace) together. 2. hold sb./sth. tightly in the hand.:the clasp of my brooch is broken. 2. she was clasping a knife.:10:0
deduce:0:arrive at (facts, a theory, etc) by reasoning; infer sth:we can deduce that a=c. Detectives deduced from the clues who had committed the crime.:10:0
refrain:0:keep oneself from doing sth. 2.lines of a song or poem which are repeated.:Will you join in singing the refrain, please? refrain from smoking. Let's hope they will refrain.:12:2
vocabulary:0:total number of words that make up a language. list of words with their meaning.:Tim has an average vocabulary for a 3-years-old. an active vocabulary. enrich one's vocabulary.:10:1
lame:0:unable to walk normally because of an injury or defect.:The accident made him lame in the left leg. Halfway through the race the horse went lame. lame duck:12:3
abrupt:0:sudden and unexpected. (of speech, etc) not smooth, disconnected. (of behaviour)ough:a road with many abrupt turns. an abrupt change. He has an abrupt manner, ie makes no attempt to be polite.:10:0
yacht:0:large vessel used for private pleasure cruising. light sailing-boat, esp built for racing.:a sand yacht. go yachting. yachting equipment.:9:0
fringe:0:front hair cut so that it hangs over the forehead. decorative edge. outer edge of an erea, group or activity.:She has a fringe and glasses. The fringe of a forest. On the fringes of society.:9:0
fury:0:wild and violent anger.:speechless with fury. He was in one of his uncontrollable furies. Flew into a fury. The Furies.:9:0
furious:0:adj. full of violent anger.:She was absolutely furious. A furious struggle, storm, debate. furious speed:9:0
formidable:0:Causing fear or great anxiety,frightening,awesome. difficult to deal with or overcome:a formidable appearence, look, prospect. formidable obstacle, opposition, debts.:9:2
extrapolate:0:calculate approximately from known values or measurements. Estimat from facts that are already known.:One can extrapolate the size of the building from measurements of an average room.:9:0
accessory:0:things that is useful or decorative extra but that is not essential. Person who helps another in a crime.:Bicycle accessories. He was charged with being an accessory to murder.:8:0
accommodate:0:providing lodging or room for sb. grant or supply sth. to sb.:This hotel can accommodate up to 500 guests. The bank will accommodate you with a loan.:8:0
acquaint:0:make sb. familiar with or aware of sth.:Please acquaint me with the facts of the case. The lawyer acquaint himself with the details of his client's business affairs.:8:0
adequate:0:satisfactory in quantity or quality; sufficient.:take adequate precautions. Our accommodation is barely adequate.:7:1
adolescent:0:n. yong person between childhood and adulthood (roughly between the ages of 13 and 17). adj. of or typical of its non.:adolescent boys. adolescent crises.:8:2
adore:0:love deeply and respect sb. highly. worship. like sth. very much:He adore his wife and children. Adore ice-cream, Paris, skiling. I simply adore that dress.:6:0
adverse:0:not favourable; contrary; hostile; opposing; harmful:adverse winds, weather. adverse criticism. adverse effect of drugs. His health was adversely affacted by the climate.:6:1
aerial:0:antenna; from aircraft or the air; existing or suspended in the air:aerial photography. an aerial railway:6:0
aesthetic:0:concerned with beauty and the appreciation of beauty.:an aesthetic standards. aesthetic sense. aesthetic design. Their furniture was more aesthetic than practical.:6:1
affirm:0:state sth. as truth; assert sth. Make solemn declaration in court instead of swearing an oath.:She affirmed her innocence. He affirmed that he was responsible.:6:0
afflict:0:cause trouble, pain or distress to sb./sth.:She is afflicted with arthritis. Severe drought has afflicted the countryside.:6:1
aggravate:0:make worse or more serious. irritate sb. anoy.:He aggravate his condition by leaving hospital too soon. He aggravates her just by looking at her.:6:1
aggregate:0:be formed or bring sb. into an assembled group or amount. amount to. n. total amount; mass or amount brought together.:aggregate(ing) riches. aggregate sb. to a political party. The tv audience aggregated 30 millions. aggregate of unemployment.:5:1
agony:0:extreme mental or physical suffering.:the wounded man was in agony. The suffered the agony of watching him burn to death.:6:0
agreeable:0:pleasing, give pleasure.:agreeable weather. agreeable company. If you're agreeable to our proposal, we'll go ahead.:5:3
aisle:0:side passage in a church that is divided by a row of pillars from nave. Passage between rows of seats in a church, theatre, railway carriage.:knock them in the aisle. rolling in the aisles:5:0
alienate:0:cause sb. to become unfriendly or indifferent; estrange sb. (Law) transfer the ownership of property from one person to another:The Prime Minister's policy alienated many of her followers. Many artist fell alienated from society.:5:0
allege:0:state sth. as a fact but without proof; give as an argument or excuse.:The prisoner alleges that he was at home on the night of the crime. We were alleged to have brought goods into the country illegally.:5:0
alleviate:0:make sth. less severe; ease:The doctor give her an injection to alleviate the pain. They alleviated the boredom of waiting by sining songs.:5:1
ambiguous:0:have more than 1 possible meaning; uncertain in meaning or intention:what you said is ambiguous. an umbiguous smile, glance, gesture.:5:1
ambition:0:strong desire to achieve sth.; object of this desire.:fill with ambition to became famous, rich, powerful. Have great ambition. Achieve one's ambition.:5:0
ambitious:0:full of ambition, esp for success or money.:an ambitious yong manager. ambitious to succeed in life. ambitious for one's child.:5:0
ammunition:0:supply of bullets, bombs, grenade. facts and reasoning used in trying to win an argument.:They had to meed the attack with very little ammunition. This letter gave her all the ammunition she needed.:5:1
ample:0:more than enough; abundant; plentiful; large in size; spacious:ample time to get to the station. A small piece of cake will be ample. A man with ample strength. ample salary.:5:0
allergy:0:medical condition that produces an unfavourable reaction to certain foods, pollens, insect bites.:have an allergy to certain milk products.:2:1
aluminum:0:light metal, sequence 13, AL:make in aluminum:3:0
moat:0:deep wide ditch filled with water, dug round a castle, as a defence.:The internet highways are harder to cross the Forbidden City's moat.:1:0
haze:0:thin mist; become covered with a thin mist; lost focus,become dreamy.:My mind was in a complete haze. His eyes hazed over when he thought of her.:1:0
ominous:0:adj. suggesting that sth. bad is about to happen; threatening.:an ominous silence. Those black clouds look a bit ominous.:1:0
excel:0:be exceptionally good at sth.; do better than ever before.:excel in foreign languages; The firm excels at producing cheap transistor radios. His meals are always very good, but this time he's excelled himself. So you've broken 3 windows today, you've really excelled ylf.:1:0
thrive:0:grow or develop well and vigorously; prosper:a ~ing industry; A business cannot thrive without investment. He thrives on criticism.:1:1
mentor:0:n. a wise and trusted guide and advisor. v. serve as a teacher or trusted counselor.:The famous professor mentored him during his years in graduate school; She is a fine lectuer but she doesn't like mentoring.:1:0
achievement:0:thing done successfully, esp with effort and skill.:celebrate the achievement of one's aims. the greatest scientific achievement of the decade. racial achievement gap.:1:0
evacuation:0:the act of removing the content of something; leaving a place in an orderly fashion, especially for protection; the bodily process of discharging waste matter.:the evacuation of thousands of people after a flood. evacuation plan.:0:0
deputy:0:person who is given work, authority, during sb's absence. 2. persion who is immediately below the head of a business, school.:I'm acting as deputy till the headmaster returns. the deputy headmistress. the Director and his deputy.:0:0
menace:0:threatening quality, tone, feeling. a. person or thing that treatens. v. threaten sb.:in a speech filled with menace. a film that creates an atmosphere of menace. These weapons are menace to world peace. Contries menaced by war. You vicious dog is menace(ing) my cat.:0:0
plot:0:n. a small marked or measured piece of land. v. make a plan or map of sth. n. events in the story of a play or noval. secret plan made by several people to do sth.:a building plot. a small plot of land. plot an escape route. a neatly worked-out plot. The plot was too complicated for me. a plot to overthrow the government.:0:0
foil:0:metal rolled or hammered into a very thin flexible sheet. 2. person or thing that constrasts with, and so emphasizes, the qualities of another. 3. v. prevent sb from carrying out a plan; prevent from succeeding; thwart, frustrate.:aluminum foil. Her sparking jewellery served as the perfect foil for her fine complexion. He was foiled in his attempt to deceive us. Dozen's of terrorist plots foiled by surveillance programs.:0:0
intern:0:an advanced student or graduate in medicine gaining superviced practical experience. 2. v. deprive of freedom. 3. work as a student:hire interns. During WWII, Japanese were interned in camps in the west.:0:0
scrap:0:small,usu unwanted piece; fragment. 2. items of left-over. 3. small amount of sth. 4. throw away. 5. fight,quarrel:scrap of paper. Give the scraps to the dog. Sell an old car for scrap. scrap iron. a scrap car. There's not a scrap of truth. Not a scrap. Lack of cash forced us to scrap plans for a new house. He had a scrap with his sister.:0:0
bid:0:offer a price in order to buy sth. esp at an auction. 2.order, tell. 3. invite 4. say sth. as a greeting.:she bid 500 for the painting. Do as you are bidden. She bid me to come in. bid sb. good morning. bid farewell.:0:0
debilitate:0:v. make a person or his body very weak.:a debilitate illness. She has been debilitated by dysentery. Huge debts are debilitating their economy.:0:0
